Introduction to Responsive Design: Add a new assignment (#30659)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: advanced_html_css/responsive_design/introduction_to_responsive_design.md

The smallest phones in common circulation rarely get smaller than `320px`, so that should serve as a reliable lower end target. If your website works as low as `320px` width, then it should work on any small device. The upper limit is a little harder to clarify. These days super-duper-ultra-wide monitors aren't uncommon, so you should plan for the possibility that your site could be viewed on some ridiculously wide monitor. Often, this is accomplished by setting up a max-width for *all* of your content and then centering that on the page. With a setup like that your content will look fine even on super-wide resolutions.

### Assignment

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

> 1. Read this Google Chrome DevTools' guide on [how to simulate mobile devices' display](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/device-mode/)

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
1. Read this Google Chrome DevTools guide on [how to simulate mobile device displays](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/device-mode/).
```
